---
id: jo8ua52p
title: ui
file_version: 1.1.2
app_version: 1.10.3
---

# Commerce UI

Commerce UI is a comprehensive package for creating responsive, mobile-first projects on the web, empowered by a number of modern technologies.

## Packages & Dependencies

*   `@headlessui/react`: A completely unstyled, fully accessible UI component library, designed to integrate beautifully with Tailwind CSS.

*   `@heroicons/react`: A set of free MIT-licensed high-quality SVG icons for UI development.

*   `@radix-ui/react-dialog` and `@radix-ui/react-toast`: Primitives to build simple, flexible, WAI-ARIA compliant React Dialog and Toast components.

*   `flowbite` and `flowbite-react`: A utility-first CSS framework for rapidly building custom user interfaces.

*   `echarts`: A powerful, interactive charting and visualization library for browser.

*   `tailwindcss` and `tailwind-merge`: A utility-first CSS framework packed with classes that can be composed to build any design, directly in your markup.

## Scripts

You can run the following npm scripts:

*   `"dev": "vite --host"`: Starts the development server.

*   `"build": "tsc && vite build"`: Builds your app for production.

*   `"lint": "eslint src --ext ts,tsx --report-unused-disable-directives --max-warnings 0"`: Lints your TypeScript/JavaScript code.

*   `"preview": "vite preview"`: Previews the production build locally.

*   `"format:write": "prettier --write \"**/*.{ts,tsx,mdx}\" --cache"` and `"format:check": "prettier --check \"**/*.{ts,tsx,mdx}\" --cache"`: Formats your code and checks for formatting errors.

## Note

All components are WAI-ARIA compliant, promoting accessible sites and web applications with a high degree of usability.

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBaXgtZG9jcyUzQSUzQXRyMXdhbHNo/docs/jo8ua52p).
